# Real Estate Price Prediction Project
In the past, machine learning has played a significant role in a number of fields, including picture identification, spam restructuring, natural voice recognition, product recommendation, and medical diagnosis. In this project, I'll aim to anticipate real estate pricing using machine learning. In places like Bengaluru, using predictive algorithms to estimate the sale price of homes is still a difficult and tough undertaking. In cities like Bengaluru, the sale price of real estate is influenced by a variety of interrelated variables. The size, location, and amenities of the property are important variables that might determine the price. An analytical analysis has been conducted in this research project by taking into account the data set that is still available to the general public. Over 13K records and nine features make up the data collection. In this work, an effort has been made to develop a predictive model for pricing analysis based on the price-influencing variables. Since we are working with a continuous outcome variable, modelling studies use regression techniques including Linear Regression, Lasso Regression, and Decision Tree. By doing a comparison study on the prediction errors acquired between various models, such models are utilised to construct a predictive model and select the best-performing model. Here, an effort is made to build a prediction model for evaluating the price based on those characteristics. Finally, we suggest employing a housing cost prediction model to help a home seller or a real estate agent get better information based on the value of the home.!
